hey everybody it's me again welcome back
to my channel I hope you're doing well
today today I'm going to do for you a
review on the newest pallet from mu A
which is the undress me 2 palette and
this is supposed to be a dupe for the
naked 2 I do not have the Naked 2 from
Urban Decay so I cannot do comparison
but sources of very good sources tell me
that it's a very good Joop for the naked
2 personally I've only had two issues
with this palette if I just open it up
and firstly is the white packaging
personally these the white packaging is
not to my taste I prefer black packaging
but I guess that's just personal
preference and some people have said
that they prefer the white packaging
over the original black packaging so
whatever and and secondly is two shades
actually in the palette which the payoff
of them is not all that good so the
first one is this one here which I
believe is called a good look and it's
got all of the names on the back here
and all of the information obviously but
the one that I had the problem with was
naked and corrupt which is this n shade
here naked is supposed to be a very
creamy sort of color honestly I don't
get that much payoff and it sort of it
looks great when you put it on your
finger but I mean that's that looks
awesome like that but when you put it on
the skin just sort of shares out or not
all that great and then this color here
which is corrupt and it's quite I mean
again it looks quite black on the finger
but then when you go to put it on it
just shares out again and that's I hate
that I absolutely hate misleading colors
in the pan all of the other colors are
very very soft I mean all of them are
really apart from corrupt which I find
it a little bit chalky but these colors
are very very soft if I take this one
for instance
I mean these are really really gorgeous
and that's lovely it's not really
showing up very well but probably
because there's natural daylight in take
a darker color and transit that will
swatch better a little bit better see
that there and that's a lovely lovely
coppery bronze and I mean other than
those two shades I don't see any problem
with the palette tool it does come with
a little sponge tip applicator which I
took out because I don't use them I can
give them to people that will find
better use for them
so this palette is actually available in
Superdrug and online at WWE store code
at UK and it is I think only available
in the UK for four British pounds which
makes it incredibly cheap for a pallet
of this size and of this pigmentation
again most of the shades are really
opaque and really really creamy so it is
overall a really good palette and so I'm
very pleased with this palette and I
hope we do more reviews on the MUA line
they are coming out with some new stuff
soon so yeah I will see you in the next
video I hope you enjoyed this one if you
did give it a big thumbs up and don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already and I'll see you in the next
video bye